README.md, before:

# Node Server that compile Arduino Code

## Setup

1) Git Clone the library

2) run npm install

3) run sudo apt-get install arduino-mk

4) copy the sketchbook library files to /usr/share/arduino/libraries


## Usage

So the end point is /upload-code/:board.  Right now it takes in raw code as the post body to compile. Right now we only compile for the arduino uno board.

``` 
curl -X POST \
  http://arduino-node.app/upload-code/uno \
  -H 'cache-control: no-cache' \
  -H 'postman-token: 907610fc-5665-71cb-ff6e-687ea34831a5' \
  -d 'void setup() {
  // initialize digital pin LED_BUILTIN as an output.
  pinMode(LED_BUILTIN, OUTPUT);
}

// the loop function runs over and over again forever
void loop() {
  digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, HIGH);   // turn the LED on (HIGH is the voltage level)
  delay(1000);                       // wait for a second
  digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, LOW);    // turn the LED off by making the voltage LOW
  delay(1000);                       // wait for a second
}'
```

If you want to include libraries for the Arduino you have to put them in the sketchbook -> libraries folder.  You will also have to do sudo apt-get install arduino-mk to get the package that actually builds the arduino code.

Commit message:

added more stuff to the library

README.md, after:

# Node Server that compile Arduino Code

## Setup

1) Git Clone the library

2) run npm install

3) run sudo apt-get install arduino-mk

4) copy the sketchbook library files to /usr/share/arduino/libraries

## Adding a library 

1) Copy the library into the sketchbook -> libraries folder

2) Copy the library into  /usr/share/arduino/libraries

3) Rename the folder the library is in to match the name of the .cpp and .h file

4) Add the library to the Makefile_uno under the key "ARDUINO_LIBS".

## Usage

So the end point is /upload-code/:board.  Right now it takes in raw code as the post body to compile. Right now we only compile for the arduino uno board.

``` 
curl -X POST \
  http://arduino-node.app/upload-code/uno \
  -H 'cache-control: no-cache' \
  -H 'postman-token: 907610fc-5665-71cb-ff6e-687ea34831a5' \
  -d 'void setup() {
  // initialize digital pin LED_BUILTIN as an output.
  pinMode(LED_BUILTIN, OUTPUT);
}

// the loop function runs over and over again forever
void loop() {
  digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, HIGH);   // turn the LED on (HIGH is the voltage level)
  delay(1000);                       // wait for a second
  digitalWrite(LED_BUILTIN, LOW);    // turn the LED off by making the voltage LOW
  delay(1000);                       // wait for a second
}'
```

If you want to include libraries for the Arduino you have to put them in the sketchbook -> libraries folder.  You will also have to do sudo apt-get install arduino-mk to get the package that actually builds the arduino code.
